ETR01SDK-472: Fix section in doc where model config generating is explained (#403)
tropicsquare/libtropic: docs/other/tropic01_model/provisioning_data.md

For example, the `2025-06-27T07-51-29Z__prod_C2S_T200__provisioning__lab_batch_package/` lab batch package:

1. `cert_chain/`: All certificates for the Certificate Store (excluding TROPIC01's eSE device certificate, which is originally not part of the lab batch package and can be found outside the `cert_chain/` directory).

> 2. `i_config/`, `r_config/`: Contains fields that should be written — **currently not used**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `i_config/`, `r_config/`: **Currently unused.** Contains fields that should be written.
```
